CLDR-15370 Update ST known issues and date time formatting recommendations (#5798)
unicode-org/cldr: docs/site/translation/date-time.md

### Numeric date separators

**Date ┃ \- ┃** Numeric date separator conflicts with «/» from the base «d/M/y» at _yMd_
   * The numeric date separator should be consistent with what is in the pattern for Flexible dates with the Code `yMd`.
   * That is normally also the date separator for Codes that contain `Md` or `yM`.
However, some locales use a different separator when there are only two placeholders instead of three.
   * Check carefully to see whether you should change the separator or change what is in the base or other related Flexible time Codes.
   * **Warning:** the Numeric date separator is checked against two different bases:
one is the Date format – `short`, and the other is the Flexible format `yMd` (or similar).
If this happens, you have to fix one of those two values **before** you can fix this value.

**Date ┃ E d/M ┃** Numeric date separator «/» in pattern conflicts with «-», the default in _Date_

>    * This warning is the converse of the previous one;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * This warning is the reverse of the previous one;
```

it is on a pattern that contains `Md` or `yM` (thus including `MEd`, `GyM`, etc.)
and compares that against the numeric date separator item.

>    * Look at the patterns with related Codes carefully to see whether you need to change them for consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Look at the patterns with related Codes carefully to see whether you need to change them for consistency. If the calendar is in Comprehensive coverage for your locale, it may be better to update the date separator to match the existing date formats in the calendar instead of updating all the dates.
```

## Numeric time separators

**Time ┃ . ┃** Numeric time separator conflicts with «:» from the base «H:mm:ss» at _Hms_
   * The numeric time separator conflicts with what is in the pattern for Flexible times with the Code `Hms`.
   * Check carefully to see whether you should change the separator or change what is in the base.
   * **Warning:** the Numeric time separator is checked against two different bases:
one is the Time format – `short`, and the other is the Flexible format `Hms` (or similar).
If this happens, you have to fix one of those two values **before** you can fix this value.

**Time ┃ H.mm ┃** Numeric time separator «:» in pattern conflicts with «.», the default for _Date_

>    * This warning is the converse of the previous one;

Author: ```suggestion
   * This warning is the reverse of the previous one;
```

it is on a pattern that contains `Hm`, `hm` or `ms` (thus including `Hms`, `hms`, `hmv`, etc.)
and compares that against the numeric time separator item.

>    * Look at the patterns with related Codes carefully to see whether you need to change them for consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Look at the patterns with related Codes carefully to see whether you need to change them for consistency. If the calendar is in Comprehensive coverage for your locale, it may be better to update the time separator to match the existing time formats in the calendar instead of updating all the time formats to match.
```

### Numeric date separators

**Date ┃ \- ┃ Numeric date separator conflicts with «/» from the base «d/M/y» at _yMd_**
   * The numeric date separator should be consistent with what is in the pattern for Flexible dates with the Code `yMd`.

>    * That is normally also the time separator for Codes that contain `Md` or `yM`.

Reviewer: date separator?

```suggestion
   * That is normally also the date separator for Codes that contain `Md` or `yM`.
```

> However, some locales change the separator if there are only two placeholders instead of three.

Reviewer: ``
```suggestion
However, some locales use a different separator when there are only two placeholders instead of three.
```
